Update 'Field Collection' explanation (#765)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 6 -- Execution.md

Before execution, the selection set is converted to a grouped field set by
calling {CollectFields()}. Each entry in the grouped field set is a list of
fields that share a response key (the alias if defined, otherwise the field

> name). This ensures all fields with the same response key including via
> referenced fragments are executed at the same time.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be clearer with parenthesis, e.g.:

```suggestion
name). This ensures all fields with the same response key (including those
in referenced fragments) are executed at the same time.
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestion, the PR is updated and is squashed to one single commit.
